People: Is it the right team .. complementing team

Is Problem big enough - deep and enduring
Definition of the problem statement should be specific..
Is it the right problem?

Aspect 1: You have problem and there is no tool in the market
Aspect 2: What is that the people are already paying for?
		- Videos
		- Blogs
		- Sites
		- Byju's
Aspect 3: Does it give huge economic advantage to the customer to use it?

	Problem: If I build it they will come - 
	
		- Higher Economic Value -- is it creating econimic value to customer
		- Convenience : Achieve the same result more conveniently 
		- 

Product Market Fit
	Have you found potential customers for your product


Angel Investors - give money because they beleive in you.

Addressable market size - how to find the exact size

Zero to One - book by peter theil

	Do you have monopoly in the whatever size of the market

	Scalable product is one for which revenues will grow faster than the cost

Unit Economics
	Fixed Cost and Variable Costs
	Develop unit economics with assumptions


How to convince VCs that the bussiness is scalable?
	Spreadsheet with all the metrics to show how it is going to grow?

Sustainable competitive advantage
	moat
		what are the defense lines you are building so that your competitors are not reaching	
		Brand: Is your brand is bigger than competitiors
		Netwrok Effects: - Linkedin .. as more people get added, more value to the users
		SEO value of the websites
		Product Features

VC:
	Is next round  of investment possible out of my investment

	Seed Capital:Own money + Angel	
		
	Series A: 	
		Product Market fit is ready you are ready for series A funding
	
	Series B: Growth Investment
		Product market channel fit -- building distribution channel is ready then you are ready for series B funding 

Profitable Exit:
	Not for denting in the profits.
	
	following Ways:
		- IPO
		- Acquisition by larger company (Acquihire, build vs buy, revenue and market)
		- Buyback (Services company can generate lot of cash in short company)
		- Shares of 1 VC are sold to another VC


B2B:

	Find one customer who would pilot it with you

	Feet on street required in India for B2B
	B2B expects lot of customization in the features
		
		                                                                                                     